README.md, before:

# parthenon

Tour the World

The website that we have made is an interactive travel map called Tour the World. It is made using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 

When hovering over the countries, the users can get an overview of the country. After clicking on the overview, they then see the above page open in a separate browser. 

The website features an interactive SVG map that allows the user to select a location to travel to. Each location transports them to a page that shows them everything about the city. It shows them maps of the top tourists locations and information on them. It also shows the airports for travel and what the form of public transport is in that country. 

This website was created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript with the occasional use of AI for the information on countries. 

On of our biggest issues was figuring out how to get the information that shows up in the hover. Originally I thought that making an API was probably better for the situation, but then I had a hard time figuring out how to deploy the project without it being on localhost and how to use the information from the API in the HTML (this is my first time creating an API). Later we found another way to do the exact same thing with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. This way works, but it's lengthy and takes time. There are so many countries in the world!

Through this website, we learned how to use SVGs, specifically with how to make them interactive. This included styling individual paths and detecting hover events. Working with SVGs allowed us to create complex visuals. 

Prisha Garg (CreativeBooks)
Priyanshi Garg (PGarg111)

Commit message:

Update project description in README.md
Added details about the project scope and limitations, including the number of countries covered and the redirection for unavailable countries.

README.md, after:

# parthenon

Tour the World

The website that we have made is an interactive travel map called Tour the World. It is made using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 

When hovering over the countries, the users can get an overview of the country. After clicking on the overview, they then see the above page open in a separate browser. 

The website features an interactive SVG map that allows the user to select a location to travel to. Each location transports them to a page that shows them everything about the city. It shows them maps of the top tourists locations and information on them. It also shows the airports for travel and what the form of public transport is in that country. Because making the individual sites is a long process,  we made it for two countries. The rest get redirected to a page which tells the user that the country they are looking for isn't found. 

This website was created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript with the occasional use of AI for the information on countries. 

On of our biggest issues was figuring out how to get the information that shows up in the hover. Originally I thought that making an API was probably better for the situation, but then I had a hard time figuring out how to deploy the project without it being on localhost and how to use the information from the API in the HTML (this is my first time creating an API). Later we found another way to do the exact same thing with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. This way works, but it's lengthy and takes time. There are so many countries in the world!

Through this website, we learned how to use SVGs, specifically with how to make them interactive. This included styling individual paths and detecting hover events. Working with SVGs allowed us to create complex visuals. 

Prisha Garg (CreativeBooks)
Priyanshi Garg (PGarg111)
